hi see you later make sure you text me
as soon as you get the result will do hi
somehow making it all hurt
hi i'm monica nnedi I'm 15 years old and
I'm from Melbourne Australia not a word
to anyone about the chakras our lips are
sealed deal w what is your first
impressions of Singapore well I got off
the plane and it was hot and it was like
midnight and it was boiling it's 29
degrees when we got off the plane and
even though I'm from Australia we're
used to the blistering Sun it's hot here
Jackie
whoa what do you think what do you look
forward to doing in Singapore I'm a bit
of a Shopaholic so I'm definitely
looking forward to all the cheap shots
or the cool clothes and definitely the
fashion
do you like the Asian food well that's
the thing I'm so used to my Vegemite on
toast and definitely none of that here
so I've brought my Vegemite along with
me but definitely looking forward to all
the noodles and all the cool different
foods got to try them out
okay is this right yes are you similar
to your character Halle in any way
Ali and I are a little bit different
well we're teenage girls so there's not
much difference there like we go through
all the same sort of things got to deal
with school family all that sort of
stuff so we're fairly similar in that
aspect but I don't know I think Ali's a
little bit it's still a little bit
unsure of herself she's still
discovering what she's like she's a
little bit self-conscious and some sort
of things but were there two friends
during series she wants to come out of
her shell and really embrace her talents
and that sort of thing so I think Ali's
are still figuring ourself out excuse me
you special doodle book is speaking to
us about canal
wait there's lots of dancing in the
world do like dancing
I love dancing the fact that we're
allowed to dance in the show it's all
about dancing that was one of the main
reasons why I signed in because I've
grown up dancing I've been dancing since
I was 18 months old so it's something
that I love doing acting and dancing at
my two passions so to be able to do them
both and travel around the world that's
pretty amazing so I'm wrapped
the Australian shoot there was a lot of
horse writings we well that's the thing
the show I did before this it was very
involved in horses so I got a little bit
of experience from that I never thought
I'd be able to act dance and ride horse
and go in the one show where is the
shoot going next after scene
after Singapore well we've had yeah
Australia Singapore and necks were off
to Germany so I've never been to Germany
in my life and I never really thought
about it before but super excited for
that totally different culture totally
different climate everything will be
totally different started in Michigan
very much looking forward to that